1. **I'd like to try Feedback Map out but don't have any survey data.  What should I do?**

You can try it out with our [fake survey data](https://github.com/Plural-Connections/feedbackmap/blob/main/test_data/fake_survey.csv)!  The fake data includes responses generated by GPT-3 to questions like "What is your favorite meal?" and "What is a funny thing you saw on the street recently?"

2. **Does Feedback Map support analysis of non-English text?**

At the moment, the language models powering Feedback Map are most accurate on/relevant for English texts only.  We hope to add in support for other languages as we grow our team.    

3. **Can I import outputs from other survey platforms beyond Google Forms?**

You can, but there's no guarantee it will work :)  For now, we've designed Feedback Map to primarily support analysis of Google Forms outputs, but it will try to analyze any properly-formatted CSV or JSONLines file.   We hope to support other formats in the future.   

4.  **How much should I trust the outputs?**

You should read any summary of your data critically, automated or not,and cross-check	it against the individual responses. Feedback Map's goal is both to provide some good summaries and to assist in the process of checking them.  We believe that our topic scatterplots let your individual responses speak for themselves in a way that summaries cannot.  The auto-generated summaries are produced using Open AI's GPT-3 model; it is less transparent/obvious how this model processes the underlying survey feedback to produce these summaries.  We encourage Feedback Map users to use other methods (community validation, prior knowledge, etc.) to determine how trustworthy the presented patterns in these summaries are.  We plan to continue exploring ways to validate the outputs of the language models powering Feedback Map in order to better support such determinations moving forward.
